Terms and Conditions | eBay.com

Special offer details

This offer is subject to the following restrictions:

You must be logged in to your eBay account to redeem this offer.

This offer is available only while supplies last; immediate
payment is required to redeem the offer and all items must be eligible for the offer must be purchased
together in a single checkout session prior to buyer commitment. You can check out all items together by
first adding these items to your shopping cart and then start the checkout process.

If the offer requires the purchase of multiple items or quantity, the items must be purchased together in
a single checkout session to qualify. A single checkout session means all qualifying items are added
to your shopping cart and then you start the checkout process.

Offers can end at any time. If the offer is no longer available, we will remove the special offer
messaging from the listing and your shopping cart.

Offer may not be available on a continuous basis. There may be occasions when the offer is not available.
In this case, the offer will stop appearing on the item page, and will not be available.

Discounts are typically applied on a cost-weighted basis against the items that are purchased and that are
also eligible for the offer, prior to the addition of shipping and handling costs and any applicable taxes,
and will be attributed on an item basis on your "Order details" page accordingly.

Example: a discount of $50 off the purchase of a camera lens (otherwise regularly priced at $100) when
purchased with a camera (priced individually at $900) would be applied on a cost-weighted basis against
all
of the items purchased as part of the offer as follows: (a) the camera lens's cost-weighted discount
would
be $50 x ($100/($900+$100)), or $5 off of $100, for a discounted price of $95; (b) the camera's
cost-weighted discount would be $50 x ($900/($900+$100)), or $45 off of $900, for a discounted price of
$855.

Example: an offer of "Get 1 free when you buy 4 or more" on the purchase of four video games
(otherwise
priced individually at $20 each) would be applied as follows: (a) the cost-weighted discount for each
video
game would be $20 x ($20/($20 + $20 + $20 +$20)), or $5, for a discounted price of $15 for each video
game;
(b) the total discount on all four games would be $20, which equates to the individual undiscounted
price of
one of the games. Where the offer advertises a "free" item but the items in the offer vary in price, the
total discount applied equals the undiscounted individual price of the least expensive item in the
offer,
which is distributed on a cost-weighted basis to each of the items purchased as part of the offer.

For offers where there is a discount provided when you purchase a main item and related items, these
discounts are also typically applied on a cost weighted basis as described above. In some cases, a seller
may choose to apply the discount on the related item only. This decision is at the sole discretion of the
seller. You can determine the discount attribution on an item level on the Order Details page.

Example: a discount of $50 off the purchase of a camera lens (otherwise regularly priced at $100) when
purchased with a camera (priced individually at $900) would be applied on just the related item, aka the
camera lens. (a) The camera lens’s discount would be $50; (b) the camera has no discount and the price
remains as $900.

Items that provide the same shipping service will be grouped
together as a single order. Where individual items do not
offer free shipping, shipping costs will be aggregated
together.

The returns policy specified in each individual listing applies to the return of each respective item
purchased as part of the offer. If the return policy for a discounted item permits returns, the item price
that your seller reimburses you must at a minimum be the item price minus any applied special offer
discounts, as shown in "Order details". For purchases eligible for refunds under the eBay Buyer Protection
policy, eBay will treat the discounted price of an item (including any applicable sales tax) as the "full
cost" of that item.

Items that are marked down will not receive an additional discount as a part of a sale. Sales can not be
stacked.

Buy 1, get 1 offers can only be applied once per transaction and the least expensive item across all
qualifying items will be discounted from the subtotal as an order discount. The item price on all qualifying
items will be reduced by the discount value that is determined across all eligible items on a cost-weighted
basis. Examples of Buy 1, get 1 offers are as follows:

Buy 1, get 1 free

Buy 1, get 1 at 50% off

Buy 3, get 1 free

Buy 2, get 1 at 50% off

Buy 5, get 2 free

Buy 5, get 2 at 50% off

Dollar off ($) offers can only be applied once per transaction. The item price on all qualifying items will
be reduced by the discount value that is determined across all eligible items on a cost-weighted basis.
Examples of Dollar off ($) offers are as follows:

Save $5 when you spend $50

Save $10 when you buy 3

Conditional free shipping offers are restricted to US buyers only. International Buyers will have normal
shipping charges assessed at checkout. Some sellers choose to exclude the states / regions of Hawaii and
Alaska from standard shipping calculations. In these cases, the buyer will need to request a price total
from the seller to determine final charges including shipping.

When you receive a discount based on the purchase of a single item in multiple quantities, the amount of
the discount applied may be rounded up or down by a maximum of one (1) cent per item ($0.01) depending on
the original price of the item and the amount or percentage of discount offered as part of the promotion.

Effective Date: 7-March-2024