eBay International Shipping | eBay.com | eBay.com

Buyer Terms & Conditions for eBay International Shipping Program

Last Updated: September 29, 2025
The eBay International Shipping Program makes certain items located in the United States or Canada, depending on the program and item location, available to buyers around the world. eBay enables buyers to obtain parcel processing, international shipping, and customs clearance services (the “Services”) at checkout through its vendors. These eBay International Shipping program Buyer Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) apply to eBay International Shipping items (“EIS Items”) that you purchase through eBay International Shipping whether from the United States (referred to herein as “US EIS”) or from Canada (referred to herein as “Canada EIS”).
Applicability of eBay User Agreement
If you purchase an item on an eBay site other than your site of registration, you agree to be subject to the User Agreement and policies of that other site, as well as laws and regulation applicable to that sale and respective delivery
eBay.com
eBay.co.uk
eBay.de
eBay.ca
cafr.eBay.ca
eBay.com.au
eBay.fr
eBay.it
eBay.es
eBay.pl
eBay.at
eBay.ch
benl.eBay.be
befr.eBay.be
eBay.nl
eBay.ie
eBay.com.hk
eBay.com.sg
eBay.com.my
eBay.ph
In addition to the applicable User Agreement, the
Privacy Notice
and all policies posted on our sites, including the
International Selling Policy
(collective, and as the same may be amended from time to time, “eBay’s Policies”) apply in addition to these Terms. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between these Terms and eBay’s Policies, these Terms will control as to all matters that they explicitly address. For all matters not explicitly addressed by these Terms, eBay’s Policies will control.
Description of the Services and International Shipping Fees
For US EIS, the Services are provided by eBay Inc. through its network of third party service providers which include United States Shipping Centre operations technology providers to help determine import and export restrictions and carrier networks. For Canada EIS, the Services are provided by eBay Canada Limited through its network of third party service providers, which include Canada Shipping Centre operations, technology providers to help determine import and export restrictions and carrier networks. (eBay, Inc. and eBay Canada Limited referred to as “eBay”) You may have the option of having your packages shipped with the duties paid at checkout or whether to provide payment of duties upon delivery. By purchasing an EIS Item and agreeing to these Terms, you will be entering into a binding contract with the Seller for the purchase of the EIS Item, as well as an agreement with eBay for the provision of the Services, including parcel processing, international shipping and tracking, and customs clearance. You acknowledge and agree that eBay may use third party logistics providers, shipping carriers, customs brokers, freight forwarders, and/or other subcontractors under contract with eBay to assist it in performing the Services. More information about the Services may be found
here
for US EIS and
here
and
here
for Canada EIS.

Roles of the Parties
For US EIS:
eBay International Shipping
eBay will facilitate any transaction for an EIS Item that is located in the United States (“US”). In particular, eBay will facilitate exports of goods for the seller and will facilitate the import of goods for you, the buyer. As the buyer, you authorize eBay to act as an agent on your behalf for all EIS transactions. You as the buyer assume responsibility for the importation of the EIS Item in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the country into which the EIS Item is being imported unless otherwise stated by local laws.
Your Role as Foreign Principal Party in Interest
You (or the recipient of the EIS Item that you purchase, if someone other than you) are the Foreign Principal Party in Interest (as defined in Part 30 of the US Foreign Trade Regulations) in connection with the exportation and importation of the EIS Item. Where applicable you will authorize eBay or, at its discretion, one of its service providers as an agent to facilitate the export and customs clearance of the EIS Item, including requesting any necessary export control licenses required under the US Export Control Regulations (15 Code of Federal regulations Part 730 et. seq.). Without limiting the foregoing, you agree: (i) to comply with all applicable US export laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the requirements of the Export Administration Act of 1979, as amended, and the Export Administration Regulations promulgated thereunder; (ii) that all products and technologies that you purchase and direct your Seller to send to eBay’s US hub location shall only be exported, re-exported or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, in accordance with these laws and regulations; (iii) you agree that you will not sell, distribute, disclose, release, rent, divert or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly, any item or technical data provided by eBay to: (a) any destination subject to a comprehensive embargo by the US Department of State or Treasury which includes for purposes of this agreement Iran, Syria, Cuba, North Korea, Belarus and Russia as well as the Crimea, the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic (“DNR”) and the Luhansk People’s Republic (“LNR”) regions of Ukraine (including Sevastopol); (b) any person or entity located in, or entity owned by an entity located in, any destination subject to a comprehensive embargo; (c) any person or entity listed on the “Entity List” or “Denied Persons List” maintained by the US Department of Commerce, the list of specifically Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons” maintained by the US Department of Treasury or any other applicable prohibited party list of the US Government; or, (d) to support the production or development of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or long-range missile applications, and (iv) you agree that the designated recipient complies with all laws and regulations of the country into which the EIS Item is being imported, including but not limited to applicable import laws and sanctions, as amended from time to time. Whether these fees or taxes are due at the time of the purchase or on delivery of the item is determined by the shipping method you choose, and local laws and regulations.
Power of Attorney.
You grant to eBay’s third party service providers, including DHL and Asendia as well as other international carrier services which eBay may contract with, a “Power of Attorney” indicating that you, as the Importer of Record (as defined in Section 484(a)(2)(B) of the Tariff Act of 1930 are authorizing them respectively and/or their service providers to act as your agent(s). eBay will be authorized to retain customs brokers and/or freight forwarders for the purpose of transacting customs business with all relevant import, customs and revenue authorities on your behalf. In addition, you authorize the customs brokers and/or freight forwarders selected by eBay to make, endorse, sign, declare and/or swear to any customs, entry, withdrawal, declaration, certificate, bill of lading and/or any other documents required by law or regulation in connection with the exportation, importation and/or transportation of the EIS Item that is shipped or consigned to you or your designated recipient for shipment out of the United States and into any other country . However, you will bear the liability for any violation of US export laws and regulations or import laws in the destination jurisdiction, with the exception of violations caused by incorrect information provided by your Seller.
As a buyer purchasing from international sellers for the purpose of importing the goods into the destination jurisdiction, you hereby appoint, authorize and empower, the relevant delivery services provider, express carrier or operator of similar nature which handles your import and delivery into the destination jurisdiction to act as your direct customs representative in accordance with local laws and regulations.
Your Seller’s Role as US Principal Party in Interest
Your Seller is responsible for shipping the EIS Item to a facility located within the United States (the “US Shipping Centre”), where the EIS Item will be processed for international shipment. Your Seller is the US Principal Party in Interest (as defined in
Part 30
of the US Foreign Trade Regulations). The export transaction is subject to Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) and all parties to the transaction, including yourself, must comply with EAR to the extent each participates in the export of your item. Your Seller is liable for the accuracy of information that your Seller provides about the EIS Item. Your Seller has agreed to provide accurate and complete information about EIS Items and to respond timely to any requests for information from eBay. Such information is required for compliance with US export and customs clearance requirements.
eBay’s Role
By purchasing the EIS Item and consenting to these Terms, you authorize eBay, though its vendors, for the shipment and delivery of the EIS Item. eBay will, by itself or through its vendors: (A) facilitate the transportation of the EIS item to you. and (B) perform any other act that may be required by law or regulation in connection with the exportation, importation and/or transportation of any EIS Item purchased by you for shipment out of the United States and into any other country.
For Canada EIS:
eBay International Shipping
eBay will facilitate any transaction for an EIS Item that is located in Canada. In particular, eBay will facilitate exports of goods for the seller and will facilitate the import of goods for you, the buyer. As the buyer, you authorize eBay to act as an agent on your behalf for all EIS transactions. You as the buyer assume responsibility for the importation of the EIS Item in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the country into which the EIS Item is being imported unless otherwise stated by local laws.
Your role as Buyer
Where applicable you will authorize eBay or, at its discretion, one of its service providers as an agent to facilitate the export and customs clearance of the EIS Item, including requesting any necessary export control licenses required under Canadian law, including, without limitation, the
Export and Import Permits Act
its regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree: (i) to comply with all applicable Canadian export laws and regulations, including, but not limited to the
Export and Import Permits Act
its regulations (ii) that all products and technologies that you purchase and direct your Seller to send to eBay’s Canadian Hub location shall only be exported, re-exported or otherwise transferred, directly or indirectly, in accordance with these laws and regulations; (iii) that you will not sell, distribute, disclose, release, rent, divert or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly, any item or technical data provided by eBay to an individual, entity or destination (such as Iran, Syria, Russia, North Korea, Belarus, and the Crimea, the so-called Donetsk People’s Republic and the Luhansk People’s Republic, Kherson and Zaporizhzhia regions of Ukraine) where it is prohibited for a Canadian person or person in Canada to do so under Canadian sanctions law, including without limitation the
Special Economic Measures Act, United Nations Act, Justice for Victims of Corrupt Public Officials Act,
and the regulations thereunder, and regardless of the legality of such a transaction under local law; (iv) the designated recipient complies with all laws and regulations of the country into which the EIS Item is being imported, including but not limited to applicable import laws and sanctions.
As the buyer, and as further described in section 5 (Payment and International Shipping Fees), you may be responsible for paying certain fees, duties or taxes due at the time of delivery. Whether these fees or taxes are due at the time of the purchase or on delivery of the item is determined by the shipping method you choose, and local laws and regulations.
Power of Attorney.
You grant to eBay’s third party service providers, including DHL and Asendia as well as other international carrier services which eBay may contract with, a “Power of Attorney” indicating that you are authorizing them respectively and/or their service providers to act as your agent(s). eBay will be authorized to retain customs brokers and/or freight forwarders for the purpose of transacting customs business with all relevant import, customs and revenue authorities on your behalf. In addition, you authorize the customs brokers and/or freight forwarders selected by eBay to make, endorse, sign, declare and/or swear to any customs, entry, withdrawal, declaration, certificate, bill of lading and/or any other documents required by law or regulation in connection with the exportation, importation and/or transportation of the EIS Item that is shipped or consigned to you or your designated recipient for shipment out of Canada and into any other country. However, you will bear the liability for any violation of Canadian export laws and regulations or import laws in the destination jurisdiction, with the exception of violations caused by incorrect information provided by your Seller.
As a buyer purchasing from international sellers for the purpose of importing the goods into the destination jurisdiction, you hereby appoint, authorize and empower, the relevant delivery services provider, express carrier or operator of similar nature which handles your import and delivery into the destination jurisdiction to act as your direct customs representative in accordance with local laws and regulations.
Your Seller’s Role
Your Seller is responsible for shipping the EIS Item to a facility located within Canada (the “Canadian Shipping Centre”), where the EIS Item will be processed for international shipment. The export transaction is subject to the
Customs Act
, the
Export and Import Permits Act
(Canada) and other applicable Canadian customs and export control laws, and all parties to the transaction, including yourself, must comply with such laws to the extent each participates in the export of your item. Your Seller is liable for the accuracy of information that your Seller provides about the EIS Item. Your Seller has agreed to provide accurate and complete information about EIS Items and to respond timely to any requests for information from eBay. Such information is required for compliance with Canadian export and customs clearance requirements.
eBay’s Role
By purchasing the EIS Item and consenting to these Terms, you authorize eBay, though its vendors, for the shipment and delivery of the EIS Item. eBay will, by itself or through its vendors: (A) facilitate the transportation of the EIS item to you. and (B) perform any other act that may be required by law or regulation in connection with the exportation, importation and/or transportation of any EIS Item purchased by you for shipment out of Canada and into any other country.
Eligibility
Item Eligibility
Not all listings on eBay sites are eligible for eBay International Shipping. eBay reserves the right at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice to you, to alter or amend the eligibility requirements for EIS Items, including, but not limited to, limits on the number, type, category, and/or value of items and/or transactions. You agree not to purchase any ineligible items through eBay International Shipping. More information about ineligible items may be found
here
. You agree that if any item is found to be ineligible, eBay will have no liability and will have, in its discretion and in any manner that it prefers, the right to dispose of or liquidate the ineligible item, including without limitation (A) returning the item to the Seller, (B) handing over the item to the authorities, or (C) destroying the item. eBay and its vendors are authorized to open and inspect any EIS Item without notice for due diligence purposes.
Country Eligibility
eBay International Shipping is not available for shipments to all countries. eBay reserves the right to expand or limit the countries eligible for the program at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice. The countries currently eligible for EIS may be found
here
for US EIS and
here
and
here
for Canada EIS.
Non-Commercial Use
Any EIS Item that you purchase must be for the personal use or consumption of you or the designated recipient and not for commercial resale purposes.
Payment and International Shipping Fees.
Payment
You must pay for the EIS Items and the applicable International Shipping Fees (as defined below).
International Shipping Fees
The pricing that is displayed to you at checkout is inclusive of the Service (“International Shipping Fees”). International Shipping Fees may include shipping costs and costs associated with providing the Services.
Taxes
Taxes could include but are not limited to, customs duties, excise duties, indirect tax, sales tax, Value Added Tax, Goods and Services Tax and other taxes which would be levied by the responsible authorities at the time of Customs clearance. eBay will collect and remit taxes based on local regulation. Further information can be found
here
.
Duties
Similar to taxes, duties may be imposed by the country of export or import. If you have chosen to have your EIS Item delivered duties paid, they will be inclusive of the Import Fee calculated at checkout. If you have chosen to not pay your duties at the point of transaction, you may be charged duties at point of delivery.
Payment Split
Your payment for the EIS Item and International Shipping Fees will be split between your Seller and eBay respectively (in the following manner set out in paragraphs f and g below) as reflected within your Order Details page and at checkout.
Payment to your Seller
That portion of your payment consisting of the EIS Item price and the amount (if any) charged by your Seller to ship the EIS Item to the US or Canadian Shipping Centre, as applicable, will be paid to your Seller.
Payment to eBay
The International Shipping Fees, will be paid to eBay which include payment for the Services, any taxes imposed based on the laws and regulations of the country of import that eBay is required to remit, and any Import Fee related to any other duties, fees and/or taxes owed, whether imposed by the customs authorities separately or otherwise, dependent on your choice of Services and delivery term selected.
Payment Reversals
If eBay or eBay’s service providers determine, after you have purchased an EIS Item, that the EIS Item is ineligible for eBay International Shipping or cannot be shipped to you (for whatever reason), eBay and its affiliates shall have the right to cancel your purchase on behalf of the seller in lieu of proceeding with the processing and/or shipment of the EIS Item and, upon exercising this right, may return the payment that you made to your Seller and to eBay for the EIS Item.
You alone are responsible for any additional customs duties, taxes, surcharges, fines, penalties, or other charges which may be imposed on you by customs or tax officials after an EIS Item has successfully cleared customs and been delivered to (or made available for pickup at) the delivery address specified by you or the collection location near you that is designated by the carrier.
Risk of Loss
The risk of loss or damage to an EIS Item shall remain with the Seller until the EIS Item is accepted at the US Shipping Centre or Canadian Shipping Centre, as applicable. Subject to any statutory rights you may have and the eBay Money Back Guarantee, the risk of loss or damage to an EIS Item shall transfer to you when the EIS Item leaves the US Shipping Center or Canadian Shipping Centre, depending on the program or item location, for export and as such you will have to handle any claims for loss or damage. Should you initiate a return, the risk of loss or damage of the EIS Item that is being returned will remain with you until it reaches the hub stated in the Returns Label.
Transfer of Title
Title to an EIS Item remains with your Seller until such time as the EIS Item is successfully delivered to you or your designated recipient, at which time title to the EIS Item shall transfer to you or your designated recipient. At no time does eBay (or its affiliates) or the third party service providers under contract with eBay or its third party service providers subcontractors take title to an EIS Item, unless expressly stated. Should you initiate a return, the title to the EIS item that is being returned will remain with you until its arrival at the return address specified by eBay on the return label, upon which title to the EIS item being returned will pass to a third party that eBay may elect. At no time during the returns process does eBay (or its affiliates) or third party service providers take title to an EIS Item that is being returned, unless expressly stated.
Unpaid Items and Payment Failure
Your purchase of an EIS Item is subject to eBay’s
unpaid item

policy
. eBay reserves the right to collect, using any collection methods at its disposal, any unpaid amounts that eBay pays to your Seller or is owed for the provision of Services because of your non- payment or failed payment.
Lost, Damaged Items
If an EIS Item that you purchase is not delivered to the delivery address specified by you or to the collection location near you that is designated by the shipping carrier, it is damaged, or it does not match your Seller’s description, your purchase may be covered by the eBay Money Back Guarantee. More information about eBay Money Back Guarantee may be found
here
.
Undeliverable Items
Valid Delivery Address Required. The delivery address that you specify must be within the destination jurisdiction and must be a valid and complete delivery address. The delivery address that you specify may not be a Post Office (P.O. Box), Army or Fleet Post Office. eBay and its carriers will have no liability and will have, in their discretion and in any manner that they prefer, the right to dispose of or liquidate EIS Items that eBay or its carriers or hub operators conclude are undeliverable, for whatever reason. If eBay or its carriers or hub operators conclude that an EIS Item is undeliverable and elect to dispose of or liquidate the item, title to the item shall transfer automatically from your Seller to any third party designated by eBay (as eBay may elect), at no cost and eBay and/or any third party designated by eBay shall retain all proceeds (if any) received from the disposal or liquidation of the EIS Item. eBay may also elect to return to your Seller any EIS Items that eBay or its carriers or hub operators conclude are undeliverable. eBay shall not be responsible under the eBay Money Back Guarantee policy if eBay concludes that an EIS Item is not deliverable to your designated delivery address or to the collection location near you that is designated by the shipping carrier, for any reason, including because the delivery address that you provide is incorrect, incomplete, or inaccessible. In addition, certain third party shipping carriers may require that the designated recipient of an EIS Item be present to receive delivery; where in- person delivery is required, you shall be solely responsible for ensuring that the designated recipient is available to receive delivery.
International Returns
Returns
You have thirty (30) calendar days from the actual delivery date to request a return. All international returns initiated will be handled and responded to by eBay, and not the Seller. Please see the
eBay Money Back Guarantee policy
for further guidance on the return actions and timeframes. eBay will provide you with a return label to return your EIS item and you will be responsible for shipping the item to the address (“Return Address”) on the return label. You will also be responsible for the cost of the shipping label for “remorse” returns.
For US EIS:
Currently, the return location is a facility in the United States.
For Canada EIS:
Currently, the return location is a facility in Canada.
As available, global return facility locations will be updated herein. Please note that where the terms herein and the terms stated in the
eBay Money Back Guarantee policy
differ, the terms stated herein will prevail.
Refunds
Refunds are subject to inspection and may be denied in certain circumstances, e.g. where there is
fraudulent and abusive buying behavior
.
If approved, all refunds of EIS items will be made between approximately 5-7 business days upon receipt of the EIS item at the Return Address.
The following refunds may be subject to applicable set-off and deductions. For example:
Subject to the remainder of these Terms, For EIS Items that you purchase under the eBay International Shipping program delivered duties unpaid (i.e. delivered “DAP” or “delivery-at- place”), and that you return, you will not be eligible for, and you will not receive a refund of any Duties, Taxes or International Shipping Fees that you paid, save for taxes that eBay was required by local legislation to collect and remit.
If you are making a “remorse” return, you will also be responsible for the cost of the eBay shipping return label to ship the EIS Item to the return address provided by eBay, and this will be deducted from your refund amount.
If the EIS Item is damaged during delivery from the US Shipping Centre or the Canadian Shipping Centre, as applicable, to you or your designated recipient, or it arrives significantly not as described and you file an eBay Money Back Guarantee claim that is approved, or it is confirmed that the EIS Item never arrives, you would be eligible to also be refunded any Taxes, Duties or International Selling Fees you may have paid to eBay. Your rights under local law will not be affected.
Please note that where the terms herein and the terms stated in the eBay Money Back Guarantee policy differ, the terms stated herein will prevail.
Disclaimers
The services are provided by carriers and shipping hub operators contracted by eBay as independent contractors, and their affiliates and third party service providers. Accordingly, eBay expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law any and all express, implied, and statutory representations, warranties, and conditions relating in any way to the Services, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, and any warranties regarding the security, reliability, timeliness, usefulness, performance, accuracy, or quality of the Services. In addition, eBay expressly disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law any and all express, implied, and statutory representations, warranties, and conditions relating in any way to eBay International Shipping and/or any EIS Item that you purchase, including without limitation the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, and any warranties regarding the security, reliability, timeliness, usefulness, performance, accuracy, or quality of the Services and/or any EIS Item that you purchase. eBay shall not be responsible for any disruptions or delays in the use of the Services or any loss or injury associated with any such disruption or delay. Where applicable, your statutory rights as a consumer are not affected by these Terms.
Limitation of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by law, eBay and its subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, and agents shall have no liability for any lost profits or consequential, special, direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, punitive, multiplied or any other form of damages, loss, or injury whatsoever, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), statute or any other legal theory, arising out of or relating to these terms, your use of, misuse of, or reliance on eBay International Shipping, the services, purchased EIS Items, your inability to use the Services, the availability of the Services, and/or the interruption, suspension, or termination of the Services, including damages incurred by third parties, even if advised of the possibility of such liability and notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy. Regardless of the previous sentence, if eBay, or any subsidiary, affiliate, joint venture, officer, director, shareholder, employee, or agent of eBay is found to be liable, the liability to you or to any third party is limited to the greater of (a) any amounts due under the applicable eBay Money Back Guarantee policy up to the full price of the eligible item (including shipping and import charges that you paid during checkout) or (b) $100 CAD for shipments from Canada and $100 USD for shipments from the US. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in these Terms shall exclude either party’s liability for fraud, death or personal injury. This limitation of liability does not apply where such exclusions or limitations are prohibited under applicable Canadian or other laws. Nothing in these Terms will limit your rights or remedies that are non-waivable under Canadian or other law.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, release, and hold harmless eBay, affiliates, joint ventures, officers, directors, shareholders, employees, and agents of eBay from and against all losses, liabilities, damages, claims, penalties, fines or other costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third party relating, due to, or arising directly or indirectly out of your use of the Services, the exportation or importation of any EIS Item, or any violation of these Terms, eBay’s Policies, any law or regulation, or the rights of any third party.
Entire Agreement and Severance
Except as otherwise provided herein, these Terms sets forth the entire agreement between you and eBay with respect to its subject matter. eBay’s failure to enforce any provision of these Terms will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. In the event that a portion of these Terms are held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remainder of the provisions will continue in full force and effect.
Program Updates and Discontinuation
eBay has the right, but not the obligation, to alter, amend, replace, suspend temporarily, and/or discontinue permanently, any of the Services, features, and/or functionality offered under the eBay International Shipping program, and/or the service providers used to provide any or all of the Services thereunder, at any time, in its sole discretion, and where possible will provide 30 days’ notice to you.
Available Remedies
Without limiting other remedies, included those described elsewhere within eBay’s policies, eBay may at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice to you, limit, prohibit, refuse, cancel, block, suspend and/or terminate your purchase of EIS Items if you violate any of these Terms, eBay’s policies, or any applicable laws.
Effect of Termination
The following sections of these Terms will survive any termination: “Roles of the Parties”, “Payment and International Shipping Fees”, “Lost, Damaged, or Undeliverable Items; Valid Delivery Address Required,” “International Returns”, “Disclaimers”, “Limitation of Liability”, “Indemnification”, “Miscellaneous”, and “Term”.
Amendment
eBay may amend these Terms, including applicable fees, at any time by posting the amended terms on the eBay site. Except as stated elsewhere, all amended terms shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted. Your continued use of our Services after the effective date of these amended terms constitutes your acceptance of them.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
For US EIS:
These Terms, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with it, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of California (without reference to principles of conflicts of law). The parties consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of, and venue in, the state and federal courts in Santa Clara County, California. The parties irrevocably waive any and all rights they may have to a trial by jury in any judicial proceeding involving any claim relating to or arising under these Terms.
For Canada EIS:
These Terms, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with it, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the Province of Ontario and the Laws of Canada applicable therein, excluding its conflict of laws rules to the extent such rules would apply the Law of another jurisdiction. The Parties hereby attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ontario, and agree that venue will lie exclusively in Toronto, Ontario. The parties irrevocably waive any and all rights they may have to a trial by jury in any judicial proceeding involving any claim relating to or arising under these Terms
Third Party Rights
Unless otherwise provided in these Terms, these Terms do not confer any rights or benefits on any third party. All disputes will be made against eBay, Inc. for purchases shipping from the United States and eBay Canada Limited for purchases shipping from Canada.
Language / Langue
The parties acknowledge that they have been provided with both the English and French versions of these Terms and all related documents, and that they have read and understood them. The parties agree that the English version shall prevail in the event of any discrepancy between the two versions. Les parties reconnaissent avoir reçu les versions française et anglaise des présentes conditions ainsi que de tous les documents connexes, et déclarent les avoir lues et comprises. Les parties conviennent que la version anglaise prévaut en cas de divergence entre les deux versions.