Official F1 Race Guide App Terms and Conditions | Formula 1®
Official F1 Race Guide App Terms and Conditions
F1 APP TERMS & CONDITIONS

The Formula 1 mobile application, the F1 OTT app and the F1 event app, along with any other official Formula 1 app (the “
F1 Apps
” and each an “
F1 App
”) are operated by Formula One Digital Media Limited of No.2 St. James’s Market, London, SW1Y 4AH, England and references to "we", "us", "our", are references to Formula One Digital Media Limited.  By using F1 Apps, you agree to the terms and conditions below (the "
Terms and Conditions
").

You acknowledge that use of the F1 Apps is subject to:

these Terms and Conditions, which incorporate our Privacy Policy, which is available at
https://account.formula1.com/#/en/privacy-policy
;

any applicable terms of the app store or vendor from which the relevant F1 App was purchased; and

the Subscription Terms which are available at
https://account.formula1.com/#/en/subscription-terms
, to the extent that you access any applicable service through an F1 App.

The Terms and Conditions are subject to change at any time and any updated Terms and Conditions shall be made available at
https://www.formula1.com/en/information/official-f1-race-guide-app-terms-and-conditions.6vXQ9RT3vCLLDDeyRSUPe7
. You are responsible for reviewing regularly information posted online to obtain timely notice of any such changes. By using an F1 App after any such changes you agree to comply with, and be bound by, the Terms and Conditions as in force from time to time. If you do not agree with any changes made to the Terms and Conditions, you should not continue to access or use F1 Apps.

By using an F1 App, you agree to us and our affiliates' and licensees' transmission, collection, retention, maintenance, processing and use of your location data and queries to provide and improve location-based products and services. The data collected helps us to enhance user experience and customise content. You can control what information is collected through apps such as the F1 Apps through the settings on your device, for example by amending your devices location settings so that location data is not collected.

What these Terms and Conditions do

These Terms and Conditions grant you the non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable right to use the relevant F1 App(s) in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

In-App Purchases

Any fees or charges charged by us for use of the F1 Apps are stated in the order process of the relevant application store for the application or made clear before the point of the in-app purchase. However, you may incur data charges from your carrier or other provider for downloading and/or using the F1 Apps.

Minimum Age

You must be 13 years of age or older to download, access and/or use F1 Apps. If you are under 13 years of age you must have permission from your parent or legal guardian. If we believe that you do not have such permission and are under 13 years of age, we may suspend or disable your access to and use of F1 Apps.

Support

If you want to learn more about the F1 Apps or have any problems using it, in the first instance please consult our FAQ page, which is available at
https://f1tv.formula1.com/
. If you are unable to find the answer on our FAQ page, please email us at the email address below relevant to the platform you are querying:

iOS users:
F1App-iOS@formula1.com

Android users:
F1App-Android@formula1.com

Limitations on Use

You may download the F1 Apps on such for your personal and non-commercial purposes only. You are not permitted either yourself, or through by way of assistance from any third party, to distribute, copy, extract or commercially exploit the F1 Apps or any content included on any F1 App.

We aim to support multiple devices and operating systems. Such support can be subject to change so please consult the relevant platform app store page for the latest information.

You must not:

use any F1 App in any unlawful manner, for any unlawful purpose, or in any manner inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions, or act fraudulently or maliciously, for example, by hacking into or inserting malicious code, such as viruses, or harmful data, into any F1 App or any operating system;

use any F1 App in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair our services or security  (including by using any F1 App in an automated manner);

use any F1 App in contravention of these Terms and Conditions, the Subscription Terms and Conditions or any other applicable terms;

collect or harvest any information, data or other material from our systems or attempt to decipher any transmissions to or from our servers;

use any F1 App in any manner that could interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of our services;

copy any F1 App or any content delivered through any F1 App except where it is necessary for the purpose of back-up; or

rent, lease, sub-license, loan, provide or otherwise make available any F1 App or any content delivered through any F1 App.

Updates

From time to time we may update any F1 App to improve performance, enhance functionality, reflect changes to the way the relevant F1 App works or address security issues. Alternatively we may ask you to update the relevant F1 App for these reasons. If you choose not to install such updates or if you opt-out of automatic updates you may not be able to continue using such F1 App and you will be responsible for any loss or damage you may suffer by continuing to use an outdated version of the F1 App.

No Modifications

Unless you obtain our prior written consent, you agree not to reproduce, distribute, perform, display, modify, adapt, translate, prepare derivative works from, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive source code from any F1 App(s) or any content featured thereon.

Third Party Links

When you access any other website you understand that it is independent from the F1 Apps and that we have no control over the content or availability of that website. In particular, you agree that any dealings you have with such third party site operators (including payment for and delivery of products or services and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations, acts or omissions associated with such dealings) shall be on the terms and conditions (if any) of the third party operator and a matter solely between such third party operator and yourself.

In addition, a link to any other website does not mean that we endorse or accept any responsibility whatsoever for the content contained on such website or the use by you of it. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available through any such site or resource.

Our Liability

The F1 Apps (including all information included on it in any form) are provided "as is" and, to the extent permitted by law, without warranty or representation of any kind, either express or implied. .

Nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude our liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors, for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or for anything else for which it would be unlawful to do so.

To the extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable in contract, tort, negligence, breach of statutory duty, or otherwise for any loss or damage whatsoever in any way connected with your use or inability to use the F1 Apps, or your use or reliance on any content in the F1 Apps.

If an F1 App damages a device or digital content belonging to you, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage that you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage that was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.

The F1 Apps are for personal and non-commercial purposes only. We are not liable to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.

We may end your rights to use any F1 App at any time by contacting you if you have broken these terms. If what you have done can be put right we will give you a reasonable opportunity to do so.

If we end your rights to use an F1 App:

You must stop all activities authorised by these terms, including your use of the F1 App(s);

You must delete or remove the F1 App(s) from all devices in your possession and immediately destroy all copies of the F1 App(s) which you have and confirm to us that you have done this; and

We may remotely access your devices and remove the F1 App(s) from them.

Availability

We do not guarantee that the F1 Apps, or any content thereon, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of any F1 App for business and operational reasons (including maintenance, updates, technical improvements or to develop its content and/or presentation).

Viruses, Bugs and Malicious Use

We do not guarantee that the F1 Apps will be secure or free from bugs or viruses.

You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programs and platform to access the F1 Apps. You should use your own virus protection software.

You must not misuse any F1 App by introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to any F1 App or any server, computer or database connected to any F1 App. You must not attack any F1 App via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use all F1 Apps will cease immediately.

Intellectual Property

Except as otherwise indicated, all materials on the F1 Apps, including, but not limited to photographs, other images, illustrations, text, video clips and written and other materials contained in F1 Apps are protected by copyrights, database rights, trademarks and/or other intellectual property rights owned, or used with permission of their owners, by us or our affiliates or associates. The F1 Apps as a whole and individually are protected by copyright and other intellectual property rights and you agree that you have no intellectual property rights in or to the F1 Apps other than the right to use them in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. All rights are reserved.

The F1 FORMULA 1 logo, F1®, FORMULA 1®, FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPTM, GRAND PRIX and related marks are trade marks of Formula One Licensing BV.  All results, timing data and certain other content are copyright Formula One World Championship Limited. All rights reserved.

"Intellectual Property Rights"
means any and all rights existing from time to time under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, unfair competition law and related laws, and any and all together proprietary rights, and any and all applications, renewals, extensions, and restorations thereof, now or hereafter in force and effect worldwide.

Transferring this Agreement

We may assign or transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms and Conditions to any third party. You may not transfer your rights and/or obligations under these Terms and Conditions without our consent.

Third Party Rights

These Terms and Conditions do not give rise to any rights to any third party (by virtue of any legislation or otherwise).

Applicable Law

These Terms and Conditions are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the F1 Apps in the English courts. Regardless of this, you may have statutory and/or consumer rights where you live which apply and your local law may apply in some circumstances.