Terms of Use - Game Over! Video Games & More

NINTENDO

Nintendo NES Games

Super Nintendo Games

Nintendo 64 Games

Nintendo Gamecube Games

Nintendo Wii Games

Nintendo Wii U Games

Nintendo Switch Games

PLAYSTATION

Playstation 1 Games

Playstation 2 Games

Playstation 3 Games

Playstation 4 Games

Playstation 5 Games

XBOX

Original Xbox Games

Xbox 360 Games

Xbox One Games

Xbox Series X/S Games

SEGA

Sega Master System Games

Genesis Games

Sega CD Games

Sega Saturn Games

Dreamcast Games

HANDHELD

Gameboy Advance Games

Gameboy Color Games

Gameboy Games Games

Nintendo 3DS Games

Nintendo DS Games

Playstation Vita Games

PSP Games

Sega Gamegear Games

My account

Cart

Search for:

Log in / Sign up

My Cart

0

Home

»

Terms of Use

Terms of Use

All content of this site including software, text, graphics, design, images, audio and video files as well as its compilation, arrangement and assembly is the sole property of TWTGS,LLC and Game Over! Video Games & More or its content providers and is protected by all relevant US and International Copyright laws.

Tampering with the site, misrepresentation of the identity of a user, falsification of information submitted to the site and other fraudulent activities are strictly prohibited.

All content on this site is intended only for the means of shopping, trading, and placing an order. It is strictly prohibited to modify, reproduce, reuse, upload, post, repost, transmit, distribute, transfer or broadcast the content of gameovergames.com in any form or by any means without prior written permission from Game Over!

Trademark

All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Game Over! used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of TWTGS,LLC. All content of this website is protected by national and international copyright laws.

Age Verification

All users of this site acknowledge the fact that they must be 18 years of age or older OR have the permission of a parent or legal guardian.

Typographical Errors

In the event of a clerical error, Game Over! reserves the right to change the listed price or information for any product without notice and refuse or cancel any orders placed under incorrect information. Any orders placed under incorrect information will have a full refund issued immediately to the purchasing credit card.

Disclaimer & Limitation of Liablility

This site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Game Over! disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Game Over! does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Game Over! does not make any warranty’s or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.

Game Over! or TWTGS,LLC will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental punitive and consequential damages.

Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of this site is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from TWTGS,LLC or through or from Game Over! will create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms.

TWTGS,LLC and Game Over! ultimately reserves the right to accept or refuse any transaction at any time at its own discretion. All product prices are subject to change without any notice.

Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless TWTGS,LLC and Game Over!, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your internet access or account.

Term,Termination

These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by TWTGS,LLC or Game Over! without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, and Indemnification shall survive any termination.

All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

© 2020 Game Over! Video Games & More. All Rights Reserved.

More Information

About Us

Contact Us

Privacy Policy

Terms of Use

Your Name (required)

Your Email (required)

Subject

Your Message

Our in store inventory is browsable but shipping is not available at this time.
Dismiss