Terms and Conditions  |  Google Assistant  |  Google for Developers

Skip to main content

Google

Assistant

/

English

Deutsch

Español

Français

Indonesia

Português – Brasil

Русский

中文 – 简体

日本語

한국어

Sign in

Conversational Actions were deprecated on June 13, 2023. For more information, see
Conversational Actions sunset
.

Home

Products

Google Assistant

Terms and Conditions

Stay organized with collections

Save and categorize content based on your preferences.

Thanks for participating in the Google Assistant developer community program (the "Community Program"). The Community Program is provided by Google LLC ("Google" or "we"), located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States.

In order to participate in the Community Program, you must agree to these terms ("Terms") and any policies made available to you in connection with the Community Program. Please read these Terms prior to participation to ensure you understand and agree.

For the purposes of this policy, the term “Action” applies to either the Actions project or individual Actions within that project.

Eligibility

The Community Program was open to individuals who were (1) above the age of majority in the country, state, province or jurisdiction of residence (or at least twenty years old in Taiwan) at the time of entry; (2) not a resident of Brazil, Quebec, Crimea, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, or Sudan; and (3) not a person or entity under U.S. export controls or sanctions.

Participants in the Community program must have had a publicly deployed Actions project on
Actions on Google
by September 30, 2019 at 11:59 PM (PST). Actions published or deployed after September 30, 2019 at 11:59 PM (PST) are not eligible for rewards.

The Actions project must have been in good standing at the time of Google review. Actions projects created using templates must have had at least 50 unique questions if built with the trivia or flash card templates. For Actions built with the personality quiz template, the Action must have had at least five traits with at least three questions per trait and at least five outcomes. The project must have been your original work. If you ceased to have any publicly deployed Actions projects, you were no longer eligible for the Community Program.

Employees, officers, directors, suppliers, staffing partners, and independent contractors of the member companies of Google LLC., their subsidiaries and affiliated companies and their immediate families and those living in their households, are not eligible to participate in the Community Program. For the Community Program for Googlers, read the
Terms and Conditions for Googlers
. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. All federal, state, and local laws and regulations apply.  Google reserves the right to verify eligibility and to adjudicate on any dispute at any time.

If you are entering as part of a company or on behalf of your employer, these rules are binding on you, individually, and your employer. If you are acting within the scope of your employment, as an employee, contractor, or agent of another party, you warrant that such party has full knowledge of your actions and has consented thereto, including your potential receipt of Benefits. You further warrant that your actions do not violate your employer's or company's policies and procedures.

See
Benefits
below for additional eligibility requirements that may be applicable to specific Benefits.

Your Google Account

In connection with your participation in the Community Program, we may send you service announcements, administrative messages, and other information to the Google Account used to register your Actions. You won't be able to opt out of service announcements, however you can unsubscribe from marketing emails at any time.

Using Actions on Google

You must follow any terms of services and policies applicable to Actions on Google.  All Actions projects must be approved for publication by Google.

Community Program Summary

The Community Program is a structured benefits program to promote the creative and technical skills of developers. The program encourages developers to build Actions projects by offering certain perks and opportunities ("Benefit" or "Benefits"). No purchase or fee is required of developers to take part in the community program. Benefits are awarded on either a per-developer or per-Actions project basis. These Benefits correlate to different milestones such as deploying your first Actions project or publishing a project in multiple languages. Google emailed you once it determined that you achieved a developer milestone and were eligible for a Benefit. Once you reach certain developer milestones, you may not be eligible for them again.

All rewards must be be claimed by December 23, 2019 at 11:59 PM (PST).

Google may change limits and rules for the Community Program at any time.

Benefits

Benefits are awarded to developers in recognition of their work and skills. Benefits are for personal use only and may not be sold, transferred, or exchanged. If a Benefit becomes unavailable, Google reserves the right to substitute a Benefit of equal or greater value.  All federal, state and local taxes, fees and surcharges on Benefits are the sole responsibility of the recipient.

The Community Program was extended until September 30, 2019 at 11:59 PM (PST). All developers who have reached a milestone must claim their reward by December 23, 2019 at 11:59 PM (PST). Any reward claims after December 23, 2019 at 11:59 PM (PST) will not be fulfilled.

Benefits will be awarded within approximately six to eight weeks of receipt by Google of the necessary recipient information. If you have opted out of receiving emails from the Community Program, you are responsible for reaching out to our
support team
to determine whether you are eligible for a Benefit.

Google is not responsible for missed deadlines or expired Benefits.

Benefits in the form of physical goods may only be shipped to Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada (except Quebec), Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, United Kingdom, and United States. If you require Benefits to be shipped to another country, you are ineligible to receive those Benefits. If you do not provide the information required to ship a Benefit to you, you will not receive that Benefit.

Benefits in the form of
Google Cloud
credits may only be awarded to developers who have a Google Cloud account associated with their Actions on Google Action. Google Cloud credits are awarded to offset costs incurred in the previous month by your Actions project. If no costs were incurred, no credits will be awarded. Google Cloud credits are offered monthly for a twelve month period. After we email you the credits, you have 60 days to apply them to your account. Credits expire one year after you apply the credit to your account. Google Cloud credits may not be transferred or redeemed for cash.  Additional terms, such as the
Google Cloud Terms
, may apply.

If you opt out of the Community Program, you may keep any Benefits earned up until the point of opt out. Upon opt out, you immediately cease to accrue additional Benefits.

Privacy

To find out how we treat your personal data and protect your privacy when you participate in the Community Program, you can access Google's
privacy policies
. It will help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it. This is important; we hope you take time to read it carefully. By participating in the Community Program, you agree that Google can use such data in accordance with our privacy policies, including for verifying your identity and providing you with Benefits. Your information may also be transferred to countries outside the country of your residence, including the United States. Such other countries may not have privacy laws and regulations similar to those of the country of your residence.

About these Terms

We may modify these Terms. You should look at the Terms regularly. We'll post notice of modifications to the Terms on the Community Program site, to your Google Account, or in the Google developers console. Changes will not apply retroactively and will become effective no sooner than 14 days after they are posted. If you do not agree to the modified terms, you must discontinue your participation in the Community Program. You can contact the Community Program using
this web form
.

These Terms control the relationship between Google and you. They do not create any third party beneficiary rights.

If you do not comply with these Terms, and we don't take action right away, this doesn't mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as taking action in the future).

If it turns out that a particular term is not enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.

For information about how to contact Google generally, please visit our
contact page
.

Right to Cancel

If for any reason the Community Program is not capable of running as planned, including tampering, unauthorized intervention, fraud, technical failures, printing errors, or any other causes which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of the Community Program, Google reserves the right at its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Community Program. Google further reserves the right to disqualify any entrant who tampers with the submission process or any other part of the Community Program, or who violates Google's terms or policies.

Limitation of Liability & Disclaimer of Warranties

IN NO EVENT WILL GOOGLE OR ITS AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES AND RELATED COMPANIES, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES AND AGENTS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE COMMUNITY PROGRAM OR FOR ANY ACTION OR OMISSION MADE IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNITY PROGRAM. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING IN THESE RULES AND IN THIS COMMUNITY PROGRAM, INCLUDING THE COMMUNITY AWARDED, IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES SO SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. CHECK YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY RESTRICTIONS OR LIMITATIONS REGARDING THESE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS.

Governing Law

This Community Program is governed by the laws of California, U.S.A. without regard to the conflict of laws provision. The laws of California, excluding California's conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services. All claims arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Community Program will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License
, and code samples are licensed under the
Apache 2.0 License
. For details, see the
Google Developers Site Policies
. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2024-09-18 UTC.