Terms and Conditions: Tickets, merchandise
SAFEGUARD YOUR TICKETS | NO RE-ENTRY | NO RAINCHECK PRIVILEGES | NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES | TOURNAMENT DATE AND TIME SUBJECT TO CHANGE | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Each ticket is a revocable license allowing access to a PGA TOUR golf tournament (the "Tournament"). Lost, stolen or damaged tickets are not the responsibility of PGA TOUR Enterprises, LLC, PGA TOUR, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “TOUR”) or the Tournament and will not be replaced. By entering onto the grounds of the Tournament using this ticket, you acknowledge and agree to all terms and conditions contained herein for yourself and on behalf of any accompanying minor (who shall also be deemed to be “you” for purposes of the following). YOU ASSUME ALL RISK AND DANGER ARISING OUT OF YOUR ATTENDANCE INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, RISKS RELATED TO COMMUNICABLE DISEASES INCLUDING COVID-19, LOSS OF YOUR PERSONAL PROPERTY, INJURY, OR DEATH FROM A GOLF SHOT OR BY OTHER SPECTATORS OR PLAYERS, AND YOU HEREBY RELEASE TOUR, THE HOST ORGANIZATION, THE HOST SITE, TELEVISION BROADCASTERS, SPONSORS, VENDORS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS, AND ALL VOLUNTEERS, PARTICIPATING PLAYERS AND CADDIES, FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES ARISING OUT OF SUCH LOSSES, INJURIES, ILLNESS OR DEATH. Furthermore, in no event shall TOUR be liable to you for consequential, economic, incidental, indirect, punitive, special, or third-party, or any other type of compensatory damages including lost profits incurred, or any damages beyond the face value of the ticket, ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, even if TOUR has been advised of the likelihood or possibility such damages may be incurred. You agree to comply with all Tournament policies including, without limitation, security and guest conduct, health and safety, and applicable bag policies, as determined by the Tournament and/or TOUR. You authorize TOUR and licensees to use your image, likeness, voice, actions and statements (and that of any minor you accompany) captured or made at the Tournament in any live or recorded telecast, transmission, reproduction, recording or photograph of the Tournament in any and all media now known or hereafter developed (in whole or in part) and for advertising, marketing, promotional, analytics and internal purposes, without payment of any compensation to you. You may only capture any account, description, video, audio, photographs, scoring-related data or statistic (“Content”) of, from or at the Tournament on any day of the Tournament throughout the Tournament site (including, for clarity, competition areas on competition days), consistent with all posted rules and instructions of TOUR and/or Tournament staff. However, you may not capture, transmit, distribute, or otherwise use Content for any purpose other than personal, non-commercial purposes (e.g., for your personal social media accounts), and you may not distribute such Content on a live or near-live basis (no live streaming) or use such Content to create a real-time, stoke-by-stroke or hole-by-hole account of the Tournament. Further, you shall not use or authorize others to use any such Content for any commercial or promotional purpose, or for or in connection with a media outlet (directly or indirectly) unless you and the media outlet have received an official media credential for the Tournament from TOUR. You shall not collect, transmit, distribute, publish or sell Content (including any scoring, statistical, competition or other data at or from the Tournament) for purposes of any betting or gambling-related activity. TOUR is the sole owner of, and you hereby assign to TOUR, all right, title and interest in and to all Content, including all copyrights and rights to use all Content (including rights to use your social media posts incorporating the Content), subject to your permission from TOUR to capture and distribute certain Content on the limited terms set forth in this license. Upon reasonable request by TOUR, at TOUR’s cost and expense, you will sign any documents necessary to effect TOUR’s ownership and use of all Content. You shall not engage in any activity at the Tournament that creates a commercial association between a third party and TOUR or the Tournament, including without limitation, using, wearing, distributing or selling any promotional or commercial item at the Tournament or promoting or drawing attention to any business, cause or concern at the Tournament, in each case without permission from TOUR. For security purposes, you consent to the reasonable inspection of your person and property before and after entering the Tournament, which may include metal detection, and you waive all claims against TOUR arising out of such inspection. No standalone photo or video cameras (outside of mobile devices) on competition days (allowed practice days only), coolers, ladders, signs, firearms, explosive devices, etc. will be permitted onto the Tournament grounds. Mobile devices are permitted to the extent they are on silent and used in accordance with this license and the Mobile Device Policy posted on Tournament grounds and at pgatour.com. No alcoholic beverages may be brought onto or taken from the Tournament grounds. Any misconduct, illegal activity, intoxication, use of illegal substance, breaches of etiquette, disruptive behavior, heckling, or violation of any rule or instruction of Tournament representatives or violation of this license is prohibited and shall be grounds for forfeiture of your ticket and for your removal from the premises. You shall not seek autographs of players in order to sell such autographs, and you shall not pay another person to obtain an autograph for you. Tickets cannot be resold or otherwise used in a promotion, offered as a prize or reward in a sweepstake or otherwise, or used in a travel or hospitality package (e.g., combining tickets with flights and/or accommodations) without permission from TOUR. It is unlawful to reproduce tickets. Host organization and TOUR reserve the right to revoke any ticket and cancel all privileges connected therein. Use of any parking site provided for Tournament attendees is entirely at the risk of the vehicle driver and/or owner. Please take appropriate security precautions and lock your vehicle.
Further, if you have been issued credentials to access the Tournament by TOUR or the Tournament host organization and you are a Covered Person (as defined below), you are subject to the PGA TOUR Integrity Program (the “Integrity Program”). A “Covered Person” means (i) each person affiliated with a PGA TOUR player, including each caddie, family member, spouse, partner, agent, manager, instructor and trainer, (ii) each employee of the Tournament host organization, and (iii) each third party involved in the operation of the competition portion of the Tournament. The terms of the Integrity Program are set forth in the PGA TOUR Integrity Program Manual found
here
. The Integrity Program, among other things, prohibits each Covered Person from betting on any aspect of the Tournament and providing inside information to third parties for betting on any aspect of the Tournament; and requires each Covered Person to report any violation of the Integrity Program to TOUR. A violation of the Integrity Program by a Covered Person may result in the revocation of his or her credentials to access the Tournament and other PGA TOUR events, among other consequences.
These ticket terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, and the state and federal courts in St. Johns County, Florida shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any disputes related to these terms and conditions.
ALL MERCHANDISE SALES ARE FINAL.
All merchandise vouchers expire upon conclusion of the Tournament. A voucher cannot be exchanged for cash or credit. Lost, stolen or damaged vouchers are not the responsibility of TOUR or the Tournament and will not be replaced. Merchandise vouchers are not transferable. It is unlawful to reproduce merchandise vouchers. TOUR reserves the right to revoke any voucher and cancel and/or substitute any and/or all privileges connected therein. A voucher cannot be used in conjunction with other discount offers.